Unknown Speaker  0:04  
Hello, hope you're doing well today. Thank you for participating. Thank you to you just wanted to let you know that the This interview is not invalid, evaluating you in any way, but learning from how you look at the information online and what works and doesn't work for you. With this, I hope to make a better experience for people like you. There are no right or wrong answers to any questions I am asking in this study. I'm simply interested in understanding how you do things online. We will conduct this study mostly as a discussion and as a research task for you. I will ask you to show me how you do things using this, your own device and ask your questions to better understand what you do. Here's how this session is going to be scheduled. I will first ask you a general question about search for fitness options online. Then you will go through researching subclass and putting it on your device while you are doing so I'd like you to think out loud. Which means you give a running commentary of what's going on in your mind. You can talk about things you like don't like how you ultimately decide which things you do, you will then perform the workout and let us know the pros and cons of the video is for you. And what would be helpful for you to know about these videos. Before you play them. Feel free to say anything that comes to mind. I will record a little video, little audio view that I can go back and review things later and make sure we get everything read. I will use I won't use your name in connection with this recording or results. The videotape only will be internally and never shared with anyone else. Does that sound good to you? That's perfect. Do you have any questions?

Unknown Speaker  2:07  
No, it seems clear.

Unknown Speaker  2:09  
Okay. So first, I would like you to tell me a little bit about yourself without mentioning your name.

Unknown Speaker  2:18  
Okay, I'm in my 50s Um, I'm working at the accountant.

Unknown Speaker  2:34  
Thank you very much. So, where where do you how how much time per week do you usually exercise? 

Unknown Speaker  2:46  
I try to do at least one per week a class and then twice at least outdoor walking.

Unknown Speaker  3:04  
Where do you usually try to find these workouts?

Unknown Speaker  3:10  
So I googled them. Of course there is also friends I started to look at online classes with shelter in place before that, I used to go to the YMCA or not a class with some friends. And of course my friends can be a very good way to to know about some classes to take

Unknown Speaker  3:47  
Great, thank you so much. So I noticed that you use an iPad correct to research. Do you only use an iPad or do you use other electronics for online classes? 

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
Yes. on video and for other classes in general you type out the YMCA etc.

Unknown Speaker  4:15  
 How did you find these classes? 

Unknown Speaker  4:26  
Through friends and YMCA is just a very well known brand.

Unknown Speaker  4:32  
Very good. Um Okay,  what do you look for when you work out?

Unknown Speaker  4:52  
just to Yeah, to the excercise a little bit to to keep me in shape in good health.

Unknown Speaker  5:01  
Great. And do you find any limitation? Or problems with your current process of working out?

Unknown Speaker  5:13  
Hmm. I prefer to work out with people, to be honest. So online classes, okay. ButI prefer to be with friends.

Unknown Speaker  5:29  
Great. Thank you so much. So, um, I'm going to ask you a little bit more about the online process been going through in general? So we just talked a little bit this how do you usually in the past look for fitness classes and how has COVID impacted that?

Unknown Speaker  5:50  
But I used to have my in person classes, which is why fine. And if I wanted to change classes, I was looking in the YMCA what used to propose. And that's it, and with the shelter in place, have to find something online to do by my own. So I starting to loot on Google, I guess. Plus, friends told me, You should google this fun. My daughter told me 

Unknown Speaker  6:25  
Oh, this is a very nice one. So yeah, that's the process, right? And would you go back to your old way if once COVID was done? Or would you adapt in a way to the new methods you have been using since COVID hit.

Unknown Speaker  6:47  
I would go  back, because I missed the fun of being in a class with friends. But it can be also useful to have these tools and to focus in a particular part of your body or Pilatus something like that?

Unknown Speaker  7:13  
Um, what are your preferences and types of working out your vision equipments move, etc, etc. Music? 

Unknown Speaker  7:22  
I don't use a lot of equipment. What usually I like sort of dance class can be back and be it up whatever. And, or some more Pilates or fitness in general.

Unknown Speaker  7:44  
And how long do you usually like to do your workouts for?

Unknown Speaker  7:49  
Between 30 minutes? 30 minutes is great, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  8:01  
Oh, so how often? Do you search for new classes? example once in a while? Or do you like to stick with one and just do that one? Or do you like to switch it up?

Unknown Speaker  8:19  
I'm looking for classes. Now, I know the classes are locked. So I usually use the same all the time. But I guess I should look more in detail and see what it's the class is like. 

Unknown Speaker  9:02  
Is there any? Is there any problems with the way you're currently looking at it? Or is there any? there? There are so many of them?

Unknown Speaker  9:14  
That Yeah, when you have found one that you like, you stick with it? Because trying some other there are so many. 

Unknown Speaker  9:26  
Yeah, it takes a lot of time. How do you usually start by looking for classes? Let's say you were trying to find a new class, where would be your first step?

Unknown Speaker  9:45  
Google. right now well, Google. plackets classes of like caches for free.

Unknown Speaker  9:56  
And so what you know once you look it up on Google and you type those things, what would make you sure you want to play save video versus another? What kind of information do you look for before playing that video that will tell you that's the right one? Or make you doubt that it's the right one. If it

Unknown Speaker  10:17  
I guess I will look at the picture. Usually there is a picture showing what and then give you some information, what the classes look like. And if it's a two young girl, perfectly your build etc, may pass. And that's first things and the lengths to goes, I don't want to exceed 40 minutes. Usually, for one class, it can be great to do two classes in a row, but from different type of classes. So that's one things Yeah, probably, yeah, the photos and the length of the classes.

Unknown Speaker  11:09  
Perfect. Um, and how well do these? I would say just characteristics and your way of searching for these characteristics. Currently, how well has have it they worked out for you.

Unknown Speaker  11:31  
Thank you very successful at looking for those workout classes. I don't know I probably I miss some, probably I missed some good ones. But there is so many you know thatYeah. Once you found one, which is okay, you stick with it. 

Unknown Speaker  11:58  
Okay, perfect. Um, is there anything before we start that you'd like to share about your current experience? Searching for fitness classes?

Unknown Speaker  12:11  
Oh, no, I think it will be maybe good to have some places where you can have several or criteria and those criteria and having some traffic bumping up. And oh, and not a thing I always searched for free classes.

Unknown Speaker  12:44  
 Okay,great. So now I will have you pick up your iPad, okay.And you will now perform the task of searching a workout video that you want to do. I will let you do it all on your own as soon as I tell you so and once you choose it before your plus, press play I will ask you a couple questions and then I will let you play and work out the video. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  13:17  
Okay, so let me know when I go. 

Unknown Speaker  13:21  
Okay, you can go.

Unknown Speaker  13:26  
 Let's say for example, I would like something for the arms. I'm gonna put arms online and go..

Unknown Speaker  13:52  
so the first one is gone arms online courses. So let's see what it's Luke Clark. So you see in this one, I'm very sure for those I don't know what I'm gonna find So up next.So I think that might serve as anarms can be with them, I guess. So um on Fitness Blender arms. Yes free fitness classes online

Unknown Speaker  15:54  
nine of the best online arms work out

Unknown Speaker  16:00  
okay, so that's better

Unknown Speaker  16:15  
best for the time

Unknown Speaker  16:20  
yeah so I put free and it's not free, wasting time

Unknown Speaker  16:47  
ah seems to be better so fitness fitness Blender a lower body lower,  upper body,I can be great

Unknown Speaker  17:22  
okay and I like this one because just with the photo you can see that some of our couples have for men some of our girls that's clever to give right away this information Okay, maybe we could try

Unknown Speaker  18:07  
 No Why not? This one

Unknown Speaker  18:10  
you're gonna need to click on it

Unknown Speaker  18:19  
ah there's challenges ... ah

Unknown Speaker  18:31  
What is it showing FP

Unknown Speaker  18:34  
you have to join their site to play the video.

Unknown Speaker  18:37  
Yeah. Wow. You see why when you have found something

Unknown Speaker  18:46  
huge, so if you have to join as good I guess you have to Yeah. Well, I'm not very successful right now.

Unknown Speaker  19:07  
This isn't free.

Unknown Speaker  19:18  
So let's see on YouTube.

Unknown Speaker  20:33  
Oh, shifting news beginner at home. You workout? It's what you pack?

Unknown Speaker  20:58  
great. So before you play it. Um, I would like to ask you a couple questions about what you just went through. So how much time would you realistically want to spend on this?

Unknown Speaker  21:20  
Very small time, I want to spend a lot of time finding the right.

Unknown Speaker  21:27  
And do you feel like you spent more less time than you wanted? 

Unknown Speaker  21:33  
Way more

Unknown Speaker  21:44  
based on this, how often would you want to do this?

Unknown Speaker  21:49  
Not often at all. That's the reason why I play always the same.

Unknown Speaker  22:03  
I'm great. What kinds of options Did you look for when searching? Actually, you said that? Why? Why were the options you were searching for important to you?

Unknown Speaker  22:17  
But you see there were but finally I'm going to do something else. Because I didn't find what I wanted. In a time.  That's was okay with me. 

Unknown Speaker  22:32  
Great.

Unknown Speaker  22:34  
So how did you decide initially those key words you looked up?

Unknown Speaker  22:41  
That? I don't know, it was free. I wanted some classes online. Now I wanted to do arms but couldn't find something about that. Great. Um,

Unknown Speaker  23:02  
so why did you end up on this particular research? Can you say it seems particularly good? or poor? Do you feel like you were successful with your task?

Unknown Speaker  23:15  
I think I was not successful with like that. Let's see. Maybe I'm very happy to have this cord is this one.

Unknown Speaker  23:25  
Great. So I will finish the video I will let you I will stop the recording and just observe you working out and interacting with that video. Okay, we'll come back in a bit. 

Unknown Speaker  23:40  
Thank you for working out and going to get some water. And so overall, do you think you have been successful in achieving your goal of working out today?

Unknown Speaker  23:51  
Well, I worked out at least it was not what I wanted to do at first but pleased that I worked out

Unknown Speaker  24:00  
Did you like the video? Would you do it again?

Unknown Speaker  24:03  
I'm not sure ah. Is it a little bit too tense for me

Unknown Speaker  24:19  
So was the workout what you expected and what was you? What were you disappointed about? I know you already touched a bit a bit on it just moments ago.

Unknown Speaker  24:32  
What I expected Yours may be it good. I didn't like it so much because it goes too fast. No time to rest in in between. 

Unknown Speaker  24:53  
 Um, and overall, this method of working out how well does it work for you?

Unknown Speaker  25:04  
At least I worked out

Unknown Speaker  25:11  
 I mean, if your goal is to, you know, stay in shape, as you were saying, How well does this method of working out work for you? and achieving that goal?

Unknown Speaker  25:25  
It was a cardio. So it's good to have some cardio for for the heart and to keep this muscle in good shape. Yeah, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  25:42  
Do you ever save the result? results of your searches?

Unknown Speaker  25:51  
But yes, I did since I do exactly the same ones.

Unknown Speaker  25:57  
And how do you save those searches?

Unknown Speaker  26:00  
I send them on my iPod.

Unknown Speaker  26:05  
And do you ever struggle with having having a difficulty refunding? It information or these exercises? Again, sometimes?

Unknown Speaker  26:19  
If I save them thann No.

Unknown Speaker  26:22  
Okay, great. So what was the most difficult part today of finding and then performing a workout?

Unknown Speaker  26:33  
not finding a new workout seems to be very hard. All you have to spend a lot a lot of time. So I don't like that. And now it showed that you can do there is plenty of them. So you can just pick one and say, Well, at least I will work out anyway. But you may not like it. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  27:06  
For sure. And do you think this is a reliable method?

Unknown Speaker  27:14  
No, is it not.

Unknown Speaker  27:18  
And does this method encourage you to work out more regularly?

Unknown Speaker  27:27  
No, no. And think that asking friends which one they like and, and fashion those when it's more reliable method to find a good one.

Unknown Speaker  27:41  
But So you think this encourages you makes you want to work out more regularly?

Unknown Speaker  27:48  
No, not really. No.

Unknown Speaker  27:52  
And why not?

Unknown Speaker  27:55  
It was not very successful.

Unknown Speaker  28:07  
Um, do you ever use social sites to find workout inspiration or information about classes? 

Unknown Speaker  28:16  
No.

Unknown Speaker  28:18  
 If you could create a magical tool that would allow you to create the perfect website to find all the workouts available to you. What would you want it to include?

Unknown Speaker  28:31  
That's a good idea. So free, and age and of course type of classes 

Unknown Speaker  28:54  
How would it work? For example, how do you see it working?

Unknown Speaker  29:01  
A little bit like you know, Airbnb, when you go there. You have several stuff that you can tell, you can say, Well, I would like one room, but I would like it in in a house or I would like to have the whole house for me or so. Yeah. Beside that. Perfect. Um,and then.

Unknown Speaker  29:30  
Oh, sorry, I forgot a couple questions that may come back. Any searches of workout classes do you find yourself repeatedly doing all the time?

Unknown Speaker  29:41  
I'm not trying on.

Unknown Speaker  29:45  
Is there any kinds of searches that you do not attempt to send satisfy on the internet? 

Unknown Speaker  29:52  
It's like is there cases where there's things you know, you won't be able to find oo. 

Unknown Speaker  30:06  
So we've covered a little bit of like how you would see the website. But what are the characteristics, this ideal fitness website must have for you to consider to open to go to it.

Unknown Speaker  30:22  
That I, I gave you three of them already. So the price will be one. Four who is the classes, damn of ages. Or it can be GS or it can be beginner or advanced, or a combination of the two. And the last thing and the one we saw I thought was a good one where you can see if it's more for you, women for the picture. And that was a good one. And what can we are? Of course, the type of exercise ? I don't know if you are if maybe if you need some equipment. Don't know that. That's probably the main one, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  31:33  
Okay. I've been asking a lot of questions. Is there anything you would like to ask me?

Unknown Speaker  31:39  
Why are you asking me all those questions?

Unknown Speaker  31:44  
Is this part of my survey.  But here's my closing arguments. Thank you so much for your time. Do you have any final thoughts or comments you would like to end or add with? 

Unknown Speaker  31:58  
Um, no, I'm fine. I'm looking forward to this new website.

Unknown Speaker  32:03  
Perfect. Thank you so much, which saved me time. Thank you. Bye bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
